Merge policies repo into larger repo (#764)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: policies-procedures-and-docs/communications/slack-guide.md

# OLS Slack Guidelines

*Scroll down for the 'Part 2: Quick Start Guide' if you have not used Slack before.*

First and foremost, Welcome! 🎉 Willkommen! 🎊 Bienvenue! 🙏 सुस्वागत (Suswagat)🎈🎈🎈

This document (the Slack Guide) will give you some information about how to use the Slack workspaces maintained by the OLS team.

The community participation guideline and Code of Conduct of OLS apply to all our community interactions, including the Slack workspace, which is our most important communications channel along with the mailing list and cohort-related calls. 

> Please make sure you have read this document along with the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/open-life-science/policies-procedures-and-docs/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) procedures and understand how they apply to your participation in OLS.

Reviewer: Update link to CoC

> Find all the information about our community and projects at [https://open-life-science.github.io](https://open-life-science.github.io).

Reviewer: Use Jekyll variable for link

> Find all the information about our community and projects at [https://open-life-science.github.io](https://open-life-science.github.io).

Author: ```suggestion
Find all the information about our community and projects at [https://open-life-science.github.io]({{ site.github.owner_url }}).
```

## Part 1: OLS Slack Participation Guideline

All members of OLS -- OLS team: directors, paid staff, resident fellows; and OLS cohort participants: mentors, mentees, experts, speakers, facilitators and trainers are invited to join this Slack space.
All members are invited to join the Slack workspace and are sent a private joining link via email when being onboarded to the OLS community.

We want to ensure a safe and welcoming environment for all our cohort members.

> We want to provide community spaces, including the Slack workspace, where everyone understands and respects the [OLS values](https://openlifesci.org/community).

Reviewer: Use Jekyll variable for link

> We want to provide community spaces, including the Slack workspace, where everyone understands and respects the [OLS values](https://openlifesci.org/community).

Author: ```suggestion
We want to provide community spaces, including the Slack workspace, where everyone understands and respects the [OLS values]({{ site.url }}/community).
```

To ensure that each of us holds respect and a shared sense of responsibility towards each other in our community, we have created pathways for purposeful participation in OLS, including the Slack workspace.

There are typically two ways to be onboarded in the OLS workspace:
- You are part of the OLS team
- You have previously participated or will participate in an OLS cohort

> We ask each member to identify the role they take in the OLS cohort and community and understand their responsibilities as listed on the [OLS webpage](https://openlifesci.org/about).

Reviewer: Use Jekyll variable for link

> We ask each member to identify the role they take in the OLS cohort and community and understand their responsibilities as listed on the [OLS webpage](https://openlifesci.org/about).

Author: ```suggestion
We ask each member to identify the role they take in the OLS cohort and community and understand their responsibilities as listed on the [OLS webpage]({{ site.github.owner_url }}/about).
```

- `#OLS-X-expert`: all experts listed for a cohort are added to a channel created for their cohort to maintain communication with the OLS team and other experts.
- `#OLS-X-mentors`: For mentors, there is a private channel to share and exchange information among the mentors of their respective cohorts.

#### Other channels

- `#opportunities-and-jobs`: All OLS members are invited to share announcements that could be new opportunities for the OLS members, including jobs.
- `#events`: This is a place to share events that could be relevant for the OLS members. We encourage you to share events that you organise and would like others from the community to attend.
- `#interesting-reading`: Any articles, books, posts, presentations or other resources that could be useful for the OLS members.
- `#ols-español`: This channel uses Spanish as the primary language for all interactions. Here you can also share opportunities relevant to Spanish-speaking communities.

There are many more channels that you can explore by clicking three dots next to the top header 'Channels' --> then choosing the third option 'Browse channels'.

> For any questions please contact the OLS team by emailing: [team@openlifesci.org](mailto:team@openlifesci.org).

Reviewer: Email address to update

Author: Done. Thanks!

> For any questions please contact the OLS team by emailing: [team@openlifesci.org](mailto:team@openlifesci.org).

Author: ```suggestion
For any questions please contact the OLS team by emailing: [team@we-are-ols.org](mailto:team@we-are-ols.org).
```

> For any questions please contact the OLS team by emailing: [team@openlifesci.org](mailto:team@openlifesci.org).

Author: ```suggestion
For any questions please contact the OLS team by emailing: [team@we-are-ols.org](mailto:team@we-are-ols.org).
```

#### Direct message when necessary
You may feel tempted to use DM instead of asking questions in dedicated channels. If an instructor believes others will benefit from the answer, they will probably encourage you to ask your question in the appropriate channel. If you have a question, others likely have the same one, we are all learning from each other.

That said, DM are useful to discuss privately with other people (one or many) and you don't want to flood a channel.

## Sending files

Yes, you can send files (< 1 GB) in public channels and direct messages. See this [how to guide](https://slack.com/intl/en-ca/help/articles/201330736-Add-files-to-Slack) for help.

### References for the Part-2

The Slack section was adapted from a resource by BrainHackMTL and the Center for Scientific Collaboration and Community Engagement ([CSCCE](https://www.cscce.org/)) under a [CC BY 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/): [10.5281/zenodo.3763730](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3763730).

> Licensed under a [CC BY 4.0 license.](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Reviewer: This line can be removed

Author: Done. 👍

---
layout: page
title: OLS Slack Guidelines
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1557200134-3103da7b6bff
photos:
  name: Stephen Phillips - Hostreviews.co.uk
  license: CC-BY
  url: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1557200134-3103da7b6bff
---

> # OLS Slack Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

*Scroll down for the 'Part 2: Quick Start Guide' if you have not used Slack before.*

First and foremost, Welcome! 🎉 Willkommen! 🎊 Bienvenue! 🙏 सुस्वागत (Suswagat)🎈🎈🎈

This document (the Slack Guide) will give you some information about how to use the Slack workspaces maintained by the OLS team.

The community participation guideline and Code of Conduct of OLS apply to all our community interactions, including the Slack workspace, which is our most important communications channel along with the mailing list and cohort-related calls. 
Please make sure you have read this document along with the [Code of Conduct]({% link CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md %}) procedures and understand how they apply to your participation in OLS.

> Find all the information about our community and projects at [https://open-life-science.github.io]({{ site.github.owner_url }}).

Reviewer: Please update the URL here

Author: Done.
